Okay,
guys,
final exercise for you.
In the last lecture,
we looked at defining a working area and protecting our workbook.
So in the file that you've downloaded,
I went to flip to the time sheet,
and I'm deliberately gonna leave it so it looks exactly like this.
Why don't want you to do is make it so underneath the image that we've made transparent,
I want all the cells to be white,
so you can't see the grid lines underneath.
So that's the first part.
The task second part.
The task is going to make all of these rose.
Sorry.
All of these columns over here on all of these rows underneath,
hidden so you can't.
So all you can see is the area that we're working in on.
Then the final thing is,
I want you to make it so only these three areas just here can have data entered into them
on Then protect the workbook on when you've done that.
Going to hit screen cap print screen on your keyboard and posted in the discussion.
Ok,
I look forward to seeing your results.
See you in the next lecture.